So after making the connection you are now ready to program the Arduino or know for the ultrasonic cleaner
sensor.
And this is actually the base that we use as a reference for our program.
We're going to use the same program as here.
So let me open the I don't mean I'm going to the Adina for lower than that slushed Adreno
we can find the example of that would try something sensor here so we can go to sensor being days so
this is the same coding that we can find in the story which can be found here.
Sounds hurt big.
So this being that I end up the a program that you be using now.
So let's see the structure of the program.
First of all the find a concept for the pin number.
And here in this example you have used the number 7 and then initialize the serial communication using
said maybe underspecified here the boundary.
So this is going to specify what is the speed of the data that will be exchanged with a report between
the Arduino board and also the computer.
In this case the mod. is 9600 after initializing our program.
Then we go to the loop method which we implement the logic of the application.
First of all the signal being is going to be configured to be used as an output B because he's going
to send the ship signal.
OK.
And this is not the structure of the signal we're going to send low pulse then high pass and then a
low pulse after sending the signal.
The pin is going to be converted into that input mode.
So the same pin is used to read the signon from the pig and the high pulse whose duration is the time
in microsecond from the sending of the pig to the reception of its echo of an object.
So these high signal is going to bounce back and then will be captured by the echo transducer.
And based on this we are going to estimate the duration which is on the time from Sunday behind us and
to the time of receiving back behind Echo and using that duration we can then estimate the distance
either in inches or in centimeters.
OK so here you can find that are two methods one that converts a microseconds into inches.
And this is done by dividing the duration by 74 and 2 and you can also estimate the distance in something
metres by dividing it by 29.
And so for example here this is because of the speed of the sound is three hundred forty meters per
second or 29 microsecond person meter.
So the big travels up and back so defined the distance of objects we take half of the distance traveled
because that is the time when it goes and it don't back.
So this is why we need to divide by two here and here as well.
And these value 29 is related to the speed of the sound in the air.
Everything is fine.
We first compiled the program.
So now we can see that the compilation is done.
And finally we will upload the program
into the you know what.
So you can see here that we have an error message that it cannot find that device.
Did you write ACM what so.
First of all you have to make sure that we know what is connected to you or your bent operating system
machine.
You have to select the board being on so you can see that are different types of parts in our case.
As you all know.
So we have to select this one.
And the second step is to find the parts are here we couldn't find any port for the Arduino on board.
I'm going to reconnect it again
and then.
So I have this connection box and there is a connector Lileks.
Los Angeles.
Can go back to work.
And now I would find that they are doing what's disconnected on the part slash.
Slash did you right.
AC zero.
So this is Arduino.
You know I have to select this one and this time I'm able to upload the program now to get on board.
As you can see
this is uploaded.
Now we can use a monitor in order to see the messages received from the our you know all about your
radios so that print is going to print them to the city monitor.
So as you can see here this is the increase sensor.
And you can observe as a person the sensor This is going to decrease.
OK so 9 9 centimeters 6 centimeters 4 centimeters something that isn't not going to work our way on
the sensor.
And then you can see that the distance to increase that we can see in our sensor is working pretty much
fight and is now finding and estimating the distance to the obstacle.
Of course now we are able actually to read the values within the city in winter but we cannot actually
read the patterns from us.
And this is why we use to get information from the laser sensor that it enters your system so you can
see all of the above is not from that system.
There is no connection between them in the next video.
I'm going to show you how to use a cell you want to comment about the hospital system is receiving this
information given in the sensor as the voice messages.